the big names in women's tennis are back
in action this week in Tokyo for the for
a Pan Pacific open the grand slams might
be done but they're still plenty to play
for with places in the season-ending WTA
Championships still up for grabs
first up at the re arcade Coliseum with
Serrano curse Taylor and Julia Girgis
the German had won just once since
Wimbledon in June and didn't look like
improving their record early on play is
there to control their things from the
baseline cristae is consistency paying
dividends as she made two breaks of
serve
takes care of business sense to Serrano
Kirsten Girgis threw everything at her
opponent in the second as she
desperately tried to fight her way back
into the match being out bombed on that
occasion that only delayed the
inevitable has to stay a finished off in
style there it is back alive
and so Serrano Castilla another 15 seed
advances as expected former world number
one Venus Williams has also struggled
for form in 2013 she took on Mona
Barthel in the first rounds and the
signs were gored early on his vintage
Williams a back injury is denied
Williams her best form in recent times
but she looked in peak condition as she
took the first set away from Bartel just
over half an hour weakness Williamson
has taken the first set here the German
moved her older opponent around the
court in the second asking questions of
Williams tender-back she rolled back the
years there Venus Williams conveners had
all the answers the second set over in
the blink of an eye linearity
the sound has been taken to the cleaners
here by the veteran Venus Williams
dominika cibulková hadn't made it past
the first round of any of her last three
tournaments she was determined to change
that against the Schiller advance car to
the point
we'll reach there on the part and shot
her power too much for the young hole
who struggled to hold her ground from
the back of the courts
determent fish on show their form
dominika cibulková Cibulkova can push
her ranking up into the top 20 with a
strong finish to the season and she
seems intent on doing that excellent
tennis again from Civic over
the result never in doubt to welcome us
safely through to the second round
but when I found the lion she was in off
the match the second time I'm asking two
sets to love 6-3 6-3 since those a shot
at redemption got off to a shaky start
against Ali's Corneille after a shock
first round exit at last month's US Open
and now the early defeat was looking
likely here there's the points in
backhand slice goes into the net from
Stosur
French woman staying consistent to
frustrate stones of power game began to
find a range in the seconds and with it
some much-needed confidence when a 80
her own downfall was Stosur fought back
around the momentum was all one way in
the decider kornei wilting under the
pressure 2-6 6-4 6-1 her class really
did come to the fore in the end